hey guys so I just asked you on Twitter
like a couple minutes ago if you wanted
to see a back-to-school nail art video
or a monthly favorites and this one one
by quite a few tweets so that's what I'm
doing today but I wanted to let you guys
know that tomorrow I will have two brand
new videos up my monthly favorites and
also another tutorial that's kind of
like time specific so I wanted to get it
up very quickly so I usually don't like
to do two videos in one day but I'm
going to be doing two new videos
tomorrow so today's video is going to be
three fun cute girly easy back-to-school
nail designs I hope this you guys like
it and let me know which one is your
favorite in the comments down below
manicure one two or three if you're not
into school themed nail art like I'm
showing you in today's video I will have
next week another three in one on nail
tutorial video that features really fun
girly bright designs that I think would
also be really great for back-to-school
if you're someone who doesn't want to do
like a school themed nail design but
honestly these are also so cute it would
be perfect for your first week of
back-to-school so I hope that you enjoy
the video
thumbs up for more nail tutorials and I
will see you guys afterwards now I'm not
too sure if people actually bring their
teachers apples on the first day of
school but what I am sure of is if you
wear a cute Apple inspired manicure like
this it's going to be super adorable and
perfect for back-to-school
starting with a creamy base color I
think it looks really nice against the
red rather than a bright white one our
apple we're just going in with our red
nail polish
and we're just kind of making a heart
shape to look like an apple we're just
going to take a brown polish on a very
small dotting tool to create our stem
just going to draw kind of like a little
C shape using a green striper to draw
our leaf the very last step is to add a
little bit of a shine to our apples so
to add a shine effect we're just going
to draw a little white line down the
side up by a polka dot then on our
accent fingers we're just going to make
little circular shaped apples and we're
just going to dip a medium sized dotting
tool into the same red polish then
you're going to take a very small
dotting tool dipped into a brown polish
and just make little stems on our little
baby apples the little leaves to our
apples
so here is the finished apple manicure
it doesn't get any cuter than this I
think it's so adorable and so perfect
for back-to-school so I hope that you
guys enjoyed our back-to-school manicure
number one and let's move on to manicure
number two my favorite thing to do in
class is to draw little pictures in my
notebook so this manicure is going to be
a doodle notebook inspired design for
the notebook nail we're starting with a
white base then we're gonna go in with a
blue striper it's going to continue
making these vertical lines for our
notebook paper slowly turning your
finger to finish the notebook nail we're
just going to take a red striper and
we're going to draw a red line down the
side of the nail then for the flower
we're just picking up a pink nail polish
on a medium sized dotting tool five dots
to create the flower it's going to put
some yellow polish in the center
our green striper we're just going to
draw the stem and some leaves so here
here's our finished notebook paper nail
art I didn't want to do a notebook paper
on every single nail just because I
think it's not the cutest or the
girliest of manicures so I just have the
one little doodle nail and then I just
made three flowers and all of the other
nails just like how I made the flower on
my ring finger so I think it's super
cute and different and fun for
back-to-school so definitely try this
one out I hope that you'd like this so
let's move on to our third and final
back-to-school manicure a pencil and
letter inspired design so for the pencil
nail we started with a pink base taking
a silver polish we are just going to run
that horizontally towards the top half
of the nail and it doesn't have to be
perfect because we're actually going to
take a black striper and outline it the
bottom half of the nail is going to be
yellow so we're just going to line it up
with the silver part
just going to outline the silver area
with a black striper and to draw a thin
black line in the center this is going
to be the metal part of the pencil
before you get to the eraser then I'm
just going to go in with a light peach
polish to kind of create the little
lines that are on a pencil so then you
have something like that and that is
your finished pencil nail it's very easy
and super cute so for the newspaper part
of the nails you're just going to need
some rubbing alcohol then I've painted
just one coat of a white polish and all
my other nails and you want to make sure
they're completely dry before you move
on to the next step you're just going to
let them sit in the rubbing alcohol for
about five to seven seconds and taking a
little scrap piece of a newspaper you're
just going to place this on your nail
and you remove it you have the letters
of the newspaper and it looks really
cool with the pencil exit now this is
such a fun back to school manicure so I
hope that you enjoyed all three of these
and I cannot wait to see your guys's
recreations okay so don't forget to let
me know which manicure was your favorite
in the comments down below and if you do
recreate one of these manicures
definitely send me your photos on
Facebook Twitter or Instagram they're
all at miss Jen fabulous and I will have
them all linked down below for you guys
along with all the nail polish colors
used and I will have photos on my blog
polish and pearls calm and I hope that
you enjoyed the video and I hope that
everyone has an amazing school year I
can't believe it's already August so
happy August I love you guys I got two
new videos tomorrow I'm really excited
for those so I will see you guys
tomorrow